? Have you Seen My Special K?
See, I won her in a bet.
I know I had 3 K’s already, but this one was special.
With “Brick House” blasting rhythms in my womb, She came on a Thursday morning
Sporting a Mohawk, With her fist balled up. In case a mother… wanted to start something!!!
She knew SHE mighty, mighty, letting it all hang out.
? Have you Seen My Special K?
You can’t miss her,
My Melanin Rich Onyx.
She’s my tree in the land of bushes.
My Special K would raise her arms like the branches of an oak tree and welcome you in her heart
A heart that was sweeter than the cane molasse on your grandma’s pancakes
My Special K would stand straight like a sequoia and tell you what the SON whispered in her ear
Her blue hair would fall over you like a weeping willow tickling your soul.
? Have You Ever Rocked with My Special K?
Her sway brought together the nature of the Brooklyn Sounds of Biggie… the Bounce of the Bayou
With the nurture of the panther pride and jaguar love.
She stepped into womanhood,
With Nina Simon’s scotch laden tenor mapping the freedom of self.
She was my Peaches, angered by her systematic evolution of a revolution
That left you ignorant to change.
As she birthed a renaissance thru words,
She wanted you, She needed you to push towards your own consciousness
Laying cyphers… dreaming when “She’d rule the world – and save all our sons”.
?Have You Heard My Special K?
Her syncopated rhythms of Miles Davis horn, Kevin Gate’s hustle
Blowing knowledge and pain back into our existence.
When the spit was so raw that it made the hairs on the back of your neck stand up
And made your butt cheeks shift with the discomfort of the reality ,
You can hear her Maman Moan in harmony
Giving you permission to stay in the presence and feel your existence.
Have you Ever Loved My Special K
Whether you thought you were her Bae, Boo, or her Boy
Wanting to believe that all she gave was all for you,
My Special K bathed you with a smile that made you want to burrow more into her warm chest
To drown in her ocean
Washed clean of pessimism, of pettiness
No… not pettiness
See that was her charm
The Charm that seduced you into being her plaything, her chunky monkey
I was her chunky monkey, I was her chunky monkey
Her monkey, mimicking her brilliance… calling it motherhood,
Until she taught me to leave my training, my rote behavior,
The masks that I wore to appease my insecurities, my inadequacies,
My shoestring shackles to society’s expectations of me
As a daughter, mother, wife, and friend.
I loved My Special K so much I shared her with everyone
That I could never call her “misplaced”, “mismanaged”, or a “mistake”.
I never worried about my Special K being taken away because not even the Devil or Lucifer’s
Pretty eyes, smooth chocolate skin, with the locks and the lips
Trapping all hearts and hips could take my K.
She wanted a love that could make a sentence by conjugating her soul.
She needed a love that would run truth thru her core Til her fingers and toes tingled with conviction.
My Special K,
I won you in a bet.